URL : https://www.cs.uic.edu/graduate-admissions/
      University of Illinois at Chicago |  College of Engineering  Make a Gift    ADMISSIONS  Undergraduate Admissions Undergraduate Open House Graduate Admissions ACADEMICS  Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Joint BS/MS Degree CS Minor Courses Scholarships Internships & Jobs RESEARCH  Research Labs By Research Area Summer REU’s PEOPLE  Faculty Adjuncts Emeritus Faculty Staff Committees ABOUT US  Our Department Distinguished Lecturer Series Recent News ABET Accreditation Employment Give to the Department Contact Us    ADMISSIONS Undergraduate Admissions Undergraduate Open House Graduate Admissions ACADEMICS Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Joint BS/MS Degree CS Minor Courses Scholarships Internships & Jobs RESEARCH Research Labs By Research Area Summer REU’s PEOPLE Faculty Adjuncts Emeritus Faculty Staff Committees ABOUT US Our Department Distinguished Lecturer Series Recent News ABET Accreditation Employment Give to the Department Contact Us      Graduate Admissions Home Graduate Admissions The Department of Computer Science offers graduate programs leading to degrees at the master’s and doctoral levels.  We offer a comprehensive range of courses in the field of computer science, with special emphasis in the areas of artificial intelligence, computational biology, databases, graphics and human-computer interaction, networks, security, software engineering, and theoretical computer science. Admission decisions are based on overall academic record: grade point averages (GPA), Graduate Record Exam (GRE) scores, letters of recommendation, personal statement, and other information provided in the application.  TOEFL / IELTS scores are required for international applicants. Admission Requirements Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a degree in a related area with substantial coursework in Computer Science Cumulative GPA of at least 3.5 on a 4.0 scale for the last two years of the BS degree Official GRE scores submitted to institution code 1851 via ETS Official TOEFL / IELTS scores submitted to institution code 1851 via ETS/ IELTS Letters of recommendation (2 for MS; 3 for PhD) Statement of Purpose *These are generally considered minimum requirements but do not guarantee admission if met nor denial of admission if not met. All complete applications are reviewed by the graduate admissions committee. GRE All PhD and international MS applicants are required to submit official General GRE scores for admission and financial aid consideration. Average score our previous admitted applicants: Total 308 (153+ verbal, 155+ quantitative and 4.0/6.0 analytical).  Old GRE score system: Total score of 1200 (500+ verbal, 700+ quantitative and 4.0+/6.0 analytical). TOEFL / IELTS The University requires all international applicants to submit official TOEFL or IELTS scores. Minimum requirements - total and subsections iBT TOEFL - Total 80: Reading 19, Speaking 20, Listening 17, Writing 21 IELTS - Total 6.5: each subsection 6.0 Old TOEFL - Total 230 CBT (570 PBT) Students may request a waiver of this requirement, provided they have completed a minimum of two years of full-time study at the secondary or collegiate level in the US or a country where English is the only official language (i.e. UK, Australia, Canada (excluding Quebec)); or worked full time in the US for one year.  Requests for the waiver must be made in writing to the Office of Graduate Admissions and included with your application materials.  Employment related waiver requests must be accompanied by a letter from a supervisor certifying that the applicant has English proficiency and verifying the length of employment. Core Computer Science courses All our graduate courses are aimed at students with an undergraduate degree in Computer Science, or an equivalent understanding.  Our core computer science coursework . CS 111 Program Design I CS 141 Program Design II CS 151 Mathematical Foundations of Computing CS 251 Data Structures CS 261 Machine Organization CS 301 Languages & Automata CS 342 Software Design CS 361 Computer Systems CS 385 Operating System Concepts & Design CS 401 Computer Algorithms I Applicants deficient in a significant amount of core coursework should consider applying to our undergraduate program for a second bachelor’s degree or to the graduate non-degree . Applying to our graduate program All UIC Graduate Application process is paperless.  UIC's admissions website details the process. Highlights of the electronic application system: All uploaded documents must be in PDF format. Word documents will not be accepted. All letters of recommendation must have the recommenders contact information (ie Title, email, phone, employer etc) included in the letter along with an electronic or original signature if they are scanning the document. We do NOT accept any paper submissions. Any emails sent to the department or the admissions office should contain a UIN, first and last name and date of birth. All emails to the department concerned the status of the application should be addressed to 'grad @ cs.uic.edu'.   Expect to receive responses back within 4-5 business days, you are at that time welcome to resend the message. Step 1: Submitting your application and materials Start your application process at the UIC Admissions website . You must wait for the confirmation page at the end of the application before you are prompted to upload credentials (transcripts, TOEFL scores report, proof of degree etc.) directly to your application. *The course evaluation upload should only be used if your transcripts have been evaluated by a third party such as WES or ECE. If you do not have an evaluated transcript do not upload anything into this area.* 3-5 days after submission of the application, you will receive an e-mail from the Office of Admissions and Records (OAR) notifying you that your application has been received and that you can log back into your application to submit the supplemental materials required by the department, i.e. Recommendation letters (2 for MS and 3 for PhD): All letters must have the recommenders contact information (ie Title, email, phone, employer etc) included in the letter along with an electronic or original signature if they are scanning the document. Statement of Purpose Additional materials You can login to your application to check the status of your application. OAR and the department will periodically check in on the applicants’ submitted materials for completeness of the application. Once your application is complete, the Computer Science department’s graduate admissions committee will review the application and make a decision. The review processes takes 3-5 weeks; final decisions are not provided over the phone. All admission decisions recommended by the department must be approved and finalized by OAR and the Graduate College Step 2: You are admitted, what's next? OAR will email you regarding the submission of any necessary documents to finalize your admission. You will also recieve an invitation via email to the UIC portal which has pertinent information on registering for courses, the UIC campus and other details related to your admission. If you are an applicant requiring an I20, please follow instructions of the Office of International Services (OIS) . Please inform the Computer Science department of your ‘intent to enroll’ by emailing grad@cs.uic.edu . The deadlines for accepting or declining our offer of admission for MS applicants is July 15th and April 15 for PhD students for Fall semester and November 15th (MS applicants) for Spring semester. Newly admitted CS students can find information on getting started and arriving at UIC here . Financial aid When we use the term ‘financial aid’ for graduate students, we use it in reference to Fellowships, Teaching Assistantships (TA), Research Assistantships (RA) or Tuition Fee Waiver (TFW) awards. Although not limited to, typically these awards are primarily only available to PhD applicants.  All admitted applicants are automatically considered for Fellowships and Teaching Assistantships by the Computer Science department, a separate application is not required. US Citizens and Immigrants should contact the UIC Financial Aid Office for information on student loans and grants. There are several forms of financial aid available to incoming graduate students, go through the Scholarships page for further details. Application deadlines Student Type Fall 2019 Spring 2020 Final deadline for international students February 1, 2019 July 15, 2019 Final deadline for domestic students February 1, 2019 July 15, 2019 Final deadline for non-degree seeking students August 1, 2019 November 15, 2019 Recommended deadline for students interested in financial aid January 15, 2019 January 15, 2019 Classes Begin August 26, 2019 January 13, 2020 If you wish to be considered for financial aid, your application must be complete by mid January for Fellowships and mid February for Teaching Assistantships. Most financial aid is allocated for Fall admissions applicants. Frequently asked questions Frequently Asked Questions Connect With Us Department of Computer Science 851 S. Morgan (M/C 152) Room 1120 SEO,
Chicago, IL 60607    info@cs.uic.edu      312-996-3422     312-413-0024 Quick Links Undergraduate Open House Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Scholarships Contact Us Internal Links Forms  займ на карту займ на карту срочно без отказа Student Affairs Committees Make a Gift CookieSettings  University of Illinois Chicago | College of Engineering  © Copyright 2016. The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Privacy Statement