URL : https://www.cs.uic.edu/cs-dept-increases-diversity-awareness-with-help-of-braid/#new_tab
      University of Illinois at Chicago |  College of Engineering  Make a Gift    ADMISSIONS  Undergraduate Admissions Undergraduate Open House Graduate Admissions ACADEMICS  Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Joint BS/MS Degree CS Minor Courses Scholarships Internships & Jobs RESEARCH  Research Labs By Research Area Summer REU’s PEOPLE  Faculty Adjuncts Emeritus Faculty Staff Committees ABOUT US  Our Department Distinguished Lecturer Series Recent News ABET Accreditation Employment Give to the Department Contact Us    ADMISSIONS Undergraduate Admissions Undergraduate Open House Graduate Admissions ACADEMICS Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs Joint BS/MS Degree CS Minor Courses Scholarships Internships & Jobs RESEARCH Research Labs By Research Area Summer REU’s PEOPLE Faculty Adjuncts Emeritus Faculty Staff Committees ABOUT US Our Department Distinguished Lecturer Series Recent News ABET Accreditation Employment Give to the Department Contact Us      CS Dept. increases diversity awareness with help of BRAID  June 12, 2018 Home Recent News CS Dept. increases diversity awareness with help of BRAID   Girls who Code at UIC is hosted by the College of Engineering’s Women in Engineering Programs for two hours every Saturday throughout the school year in the Computer Science labs on campus. The UIC Computer Science Department is looking to almost double the number of students it will send to the Annual Grace Hopper Celebration (GHC) taking place in Houston later this fall. This is due in part to additional funding provided by the BRAID (Building, Recruiting, And Inclusion for Diversity) program and the College of Engineering through Dean Pete Nelson. He was able to experience GHC this past October and see the impact it had on creating more diversity within Computer Science. The number of students, faculty and staff will increase to over 60 participants, giving UIC Computer Science a large presence at the conference. Also new this year, the CS Dept. will be a Silver Level sponsor for the 2018 school term. This allows UIC CS a booth at the GHC career fair to showcase the graduate program and opportunities available within the department. GHC is hosted by AnitaB.org which also started the BRAID program in which UIC has been a part of since it’s inception in 2014. The program aims to increase the percentage of women and underrepresented minority students in undergraduates computing majors. The overall goal is to improve diversity of computing talent at the professional level. Each of the current 15 BRAID schools are required to address specific commitments: Modify introductory CS courses to make them more appealing and less intimidating to underrepresented students. Lead outreach programs for high school teachers and students to build a diverse pipeline of students. Build confidence and community among underrepresented students. Develop and/or promote joint majors in areas like CS and biology that are attractive to underrepresented students. The CS Dept. has addressed these commitments by: Introducing three sections of CS 111 with interest areas including Bio, Law and Multimedia. Prof. Dale Reed as Dir. of Recruitment has collaborated with local high school teachers to help raise awareness of CS as a major in college. CS Student Affairs, Prof. Joe Hummel and Prof. Reed have worked hard at investing resources into Women in Computer Science, Girls Who Code, Hour of Code and specifically targeting underrepresented populations in CS for Fall 2018 recruiting. Developing and promoting joint majors in areas like CS and biology (Bioinformatics) that are attractive to underrepresented students. This large effort has been supported and led by CS Dept. Head Robert Sloan who has been focused on promoting diversity within the CS Dept. “The reason we were awarded this opportunity to be a part of BRAID is because of Prof. Sloan,” said Program Coordinator for CS Student Affairs, Elena Lathos. “His leadership has driven us this far and his commitment to supporting women and underrepresented groups in CS has been relentless and received well.” As a result, BRAID schools are seeing an increase in the percentage of women and underrepresented minorities enrolled in their undergraduate computing courses. This is a trend that the UIC CS Dept. will continue to nurture as the department expands into the future. UIC students, faculty and staff attend the Grace Hopper Celebration in Orlando last October. BRAID Institutions Arizona State University Missouri University of Science and Technology New Jersey Institute of Technology University of California-Irvine University of Illinois at Chicago  University of Maryland, Baltimore County University of Maryland, College Park University of Nebraska-Lincoln University of North Texas University of Rochester University of South Carolina University of Texas at El Paso University of Vermont University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Villanova University  BRAID Summit 2018 BRAID Research team, department chairs, and staff (Prof. Sloan: 2nd row, 3rd from right)     Facebook     Twitter     Google Plus     Linkedin     Tumblr     Email     0  You may also like    Engineering Students Win $10K Prize at Hackathon    MS student awarded twice at MIT Energy Hack 2018    Reaping the benefits of an internship experience  Tom Cicero   Notice :  get_currentuserinfo is deprecated since version 4.5.0! Use wp_get_current_user() instead. in /var/www/cs1.engr-dev.uic.edu/wp-includes/functions.php on line 4329   Previous  Computer Science Teachers Association holds CS Ed Camp for K-12 instructors    Next  EVL and Midwest contribute to book on “Rise of women in the digital arts”  Connect With Us Department of Computer Science 851 S. Morgan (M/C 152) Room 1120 SEO,
Chicago, IL 60607    info@cs.uic.edu      312-996-3422     312-413-0024 Quick Links Undergraduate Open House Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Scholarships Contact Us Internal Links Forms  займ на карту займ на карту срочно без отказа Student Affairs Committees Make a Gift CookieSettings  University of Illinois Chicago | College of Engineering  © Copyright 2016. The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Privacy Statement