URL : http://www.cs.uic.edu/~advis/CASSIS
   NSF ITR: Context-Aware Computing with Applications to Public Health Management  PIs: Isabel Cruz (lead,
UIC), Peter
Scheuermann (Northwestern), and Roberto Tamassia (Brown)  Co-PIs: Ouri Wolfson (UIC)
and Aris Ouksel (UIC)       Publications    Personnel    Poster (describing the project)     Abstract  This project will create an architecture for a system that provides
comprehensive support for context-aware applications. This architecture will make use of dynamically evolving data
such as measurement streams collected by sensors, or Web services that execute requests on behalf of transactions.
Data integration tools and ontologies will be developed and then applied to actual source data, to user profiles,
and to the diverse problems of matching users with data sources and relevant courses of action. This activity will
be augmented by the use of data mining techniques for dynamically constructing spatio-temporal user profiles and
for profile classification. Methodologies will be developed to ensure scalability of the system. For example, the
use of data cubes for caching user profiles and retrieved data, and the use of request aggregation. An authentication
model will be developed using a distributed trust framework that will be applied to spatio-temporal context and
data streams. The architecture will also incorporate a component for services arbitration that can manage on-demand
resource allocation in a competitive environment. A system prototype will be tested against the operational scenario
of a public health management application, provided by the Alliance of Chicago Community Health Services.  The architecture of the proposed system is shown in the following figure:      The material on this web site is based upon work supported
by the National Science Foundation under Grants ITR IIS-0326284 (to UIC), ITR IIS-0324846 (to Brown), and ITR IIS-0325144
(to Northwestern).  Any opinions, findings and conclusions or recomendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s)
and do not necessarily reflect the views of the National Science Foundation (NSF).  