URL : https://www.cs.uic.edu/bin/view/Jakob/WebHome 
               Associate Professor Jakob Eriksson  I grew up in Sweden, got my M.Sc. in CS at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm . Wasted a few years on dot-coms, before graduating with a Ph.D. from U.C. Riverside in '06. I then spent a two-year postdoc at MIT .  I've been a faculty member of the UIC Department of Computer Science since 2009, and was promoted to Associate Professor in 2015. My wife Prof. Devroye is in the ECE department. We live in the near-west suburb of Oak Park together with our two children Matilda and Oskar.  Research Interests  My research interests lie primarily in computer systems, including operating systems, networks and mobile sensing. In operating systems, I work on deterministic execution, high-performance messaging systems, and alternative uses for simultaneous multi-threading. In the mobile and networked systems area, some of my work includes vehicular WiFi connectivity, and mobile sensing for traffic monitoring and road condition assessment. You can read more about my research projects on my research lab's web .  Recent Publications      [ RoghanchiEtal17 ]  Sepideh Roghanchi, Jakob Eriksson, and Nilanjana Basu.
 Delegation is (much) faster than you think.
 In Proceedings of the Symposium on Operating Systems Principles
  (SOSP) , pages 12, to appear. ACM, 2017.  [ JinEriksson17 ]  Yanzi Jin and Jakob Eriksson.
 Fully automatic, real-time vehicle tracking for surveillance video.
 In Proceedings of the 14th Conference on Computer and Robot
  Vision (CRV) , page 8 pages. CIPRS, 2017.  [ GerlichEriksson16 ]  Tomas Gerlich and Jakob Eriksson.
 Optical flow for rigid multi-motion scenes.
 In Proceedings of the International Conference on 3DVision ,
  page 8 pages. Stanford University, 2016.  [ MerrifieldEtal15 ]  Timothy Merrifield, Joseph Devietti, and Jakob Eriksson.
 High-performance determinism with total store order consistency.
 In Proceedings of the Tenth European Conference on Computer
  Systems , pages 31:1--31:13. ACM, 2015.  [ MusaEtal15 ]  A. Musa, J. Biagioni, and J. Eriksson.
 Trading off accuracy, timeliness, and uplink usage in online gps
  tracking. Mobile Computing, IEEE Transactions on , PP(99):1--1, 2015.    Full list of publications   My contact info      Address    Phone    Internet     University of Illinois at Chicago Dept. Computer Science Room 1120 SEO (M/C 152) Chicago, IL 60607  Office: (312) 996 0481 Lab: (312) 413 2103 Personal: (312) 77-JAKOB  Email: jakob@uic.edu  Skype: jakob_eriksson                        Front Page    Teaching    Publications    Talks    BITS Laboratory    Calendar    Contact     BITS & PIECES     Unofficial UICNet Rules    Shell Scripting    English Tips    Campus History      Log In         University of Illinois at Chicago | College of Engineering                       ABOUT US   Our Department  Recent News  Contact Us       ACADEMICS   Prospective Students  Undergraduate  Graduate  Courses       RESEARCH   Overview  By Faculty  Labs       PEOPLE   Faculty  Adjuncts  Staff  Students  Alumni        Copyright 2016 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois. webmaster@cs.uic.edu  WISEST Helping Women Faculty Advance Funded by NSF           