URL : https://emergency.uic.edu/public-safety-advisory/
    Skip to Content   Eyebrow Navigation  UIC  Find People  Departments A-Z  Library  Athletics   Common U I C menu UIC Find People Departments A-Z Library Athletics                Search for:            Skip to Content   Main Navigation  Home  UIC Alerts  Public Safety Advisory  Get alerts for websites   Main Menu Home UIC Alerts Public Safety Advisory Get alerts for websites         Related Links UIC Police  Annual Safety and Security Report  Extreme Weather Policies  Night Ride  Ready UIC  Rave Guardian        Public Safety Advisory  Public Safety Advisory Posted on March 27th, 2019 On Wednesday, March 27, at approximately 8:30 a.m., UIC Police responded to a call of an armed robbery that occurred on the third floor of UIC's Parking Lot 7 at 1100 W. Harrison Street. The call came in from the victim, a UIC student, who came into the parking lot office to report the crime. The offender displayed a handgun and demanded money from the victim. The victim gave him $30, after which the offender demanded that the victim lay on the ground while he went through her purse and stole her cell phone. The victim was not harmed. The offender then fled northbound from Lot 7 towards the Blue Line El station. The offender is described as a black male in his early 20s, slim build, dark complexion and wearing a grey sweatshirt, jeans and a 'beanie'. 

UIC Police will lead the investigation. Anyone with information should call 312-996-2830.

Approximate crime location mapped:
https://goo.gl/maps/7JnukH4iLvw 


UIC Police offer the following security tips:

-- Report crime promptly to police.
-- To contact the UIC Police, call 312-355-5555 for emergencies or 312-996-2830 for non-emergencies.
-- For confidential counseling, contact Counseling Services at 312-996-3490 for students; and Employee Assistance Service at 312-996-3588 for faculty and staff.
-- Any student, staff or faculty member at UIC who experiences sexual assault, domestic/dating violence or stalking can access free, anonymous and confidential services by calling the Campus Advocacy Network (CAN) at 312-413-8206.
-For additional information on reporting an incident of sexual misconduct, visit http://oae.uic.edu/sexual-misconduct/report-an-incident/

Public safety advisories are distributed to the university community in compliance with the federal Clery Act. UIC Police may also issue notifications for off-campus crimes in the interest of public-safety awareness. Security tips are standard precautions, not special or incident-specific measures. Offender descriptions and precise locations are provided only to aid in the identification of possible suspects. Updates to investigations are not sent by email but will be posted online at: http://emergency.uic.edu/public-safety-advisory/

UIC Annual Security Report
http://www.clery.uic.edu

Chicago Police Department Crime Incidents
http://gis.chicagopolice.org/clearmap/startpage.htm

Urgent notifications may be sent via both INSTANT TEXT MESSAGE (SMS) and URGENT mass e-mails. SMS messages -- issued only in cases of immediate threat to health and safety, such as a tornado alert, or a major disruption to travel -- are faster and more reliable than e-mail. The campus strongly recommends that you register your cell phone for SMS messages at http://sms.uic.edu        Crime Solvers Public Safety Update  April 20, 2018 Suspect arrested in armed robbery  May 25, 2017 Suspect arrested in armed robbery  February 2, 2016 Safety Tips  UIC Police offer the following security tips:  Be aware of your surroundings  Try to travel in groups when possible, particularly after dark  Use well-lit walkways  On campus, look for the location of the nearest emergency call box (there are more than 1,500 across campus)  The emergency number for UIC Police is 5-5555 or 312-355-5555, which should be set on speed-dial on your cell phone  Report crime promptly to police             © Copyright 2015-2019 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois      Footer Navigation   Follow Us     Disability Resources  Emergency Information  Privacy Policy  Contact Us           