URL : https://today.uic.edu/uic-launches-new-campus-safety-app
       Skip to main content      Updated: Apr 24, 2019 at 09:27 AM             Today        Submit        Campus News  Academics & Research  Events  Resources   Current Student Resources  Faculty & Staff Resources  Campus Newspaper & Archives    Contact   Communicating On Campus  Sending Announcements / DDDH  UIC Social Media Directory                                UIC launches new campus safety app  April 15, 2019    Thanks to a new campus safety
app, UIC students and employees can now take a virtual walk with a friend —
sharing their location until they arrive at their destination — contact UIC
Police with just the push of a button, and more.  The UIC SAFE mobile
app provides a personal safety tool that users can carry with them on their
smartphones. The app is a one-stop shop that puts all campus safety and
emergency preparedness information in one place, enhancing campus safety tools currently
available to students and employees.  “It allows us to keep our
students, faculty and staff better informed and prepared while increasing our
engagement with UIC Police and empowering our community to be more resilient,”
said David Ibrahim, assistant vice chancellor for administrative services. “We
owed it to our students and employees to stay proactive and invest in cutting-edge
safety solutions.”  The app, which is available
for both Apple and Android devices, includes:  One-touch emergency call button : contact UIC Police quickly for help in an emergency Virtual friend walk : send your location to a friend, who can watch you walk to your class, office, car or home in real time UIC Police virtual escort : let UIC Police know where you are traveling so they can monitor your progress to your destination Chat with UIC Police : communicate live with a UIC Police officer via chat Safety notifications : receive instant notifications, emergency UIC ALERTs and instructions when on-campus emergencies occur Campus safety toolbox : access safety resources, and student and employee services, such as connecting with a mental health counselor Emergency guidelines: review emergency preparedness plans from the Office of Preparedness and Response Report a tip : report a crime or share anonymous information with UIC Police.  “What we sought was something
that was very user-friendly and intuitive,” Ibrahim said. “We encourage
everyone to download it and use it.”  Users must log in with a NetID and password to use the app, but parents and friends who are not affiliated with UIC can still track users’ progress through the virtual walk — the app with send out a map and provide updates until the end of the virtual walk, Ibrahim said.  Students and employees should
also follow @UICReady on Twitter for
campus safety information, he said.  The app, which replaces the UIC Rave Guardian app, was built through a collaboration of multiple campus departments, including the Office of Preparedness and Response, Office of Public and Government Affairs, UIC Police and more.     Contact   Christy Levy 312-996-0662  christyb@uic.edu     Categories   Campus    Topics  campus safety , safety , UIC SAFE                     Today      Contact  Office of Public and Government Affairs 601 S. Morgan St., 1320 UH, Chicago, IL 60607  uictoday@uic.edu   Social Media Accounts               For the Media  Experts Guide  Advertise in UIC News  Submit Announcements  Submit an Event  Subscribe to UIC Today           UIC.edu links   UIC.edu  Academic Calendar  Athletics  Campus Directory  Disability Resources  Emergency Information  Event Calendar  Job Openings  Library  Maps  UI Health  Veterans Affairs           © 2019 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois |  Privacy Statement    Campuses   University of Illinois System  Urbana-Champaign  Springfield     