URL : http://cstop.uic.edu/
 Jump to Sections of this page Accessibility Help Press opt + / to open this menu For a better experience on Facebook, update your browser . Facebook Email or Phone Password Forgot account? Home About Photos Reviews Posts Community Info and Ads See more of C-stop on Facebook Log In or Create New Account See more of C-stop on Facebook Log In Forgot account? or Create New Account Not Now C-stop Education in Chicago, Illinois 5 5 out of 5 stars. Closed Now Community See All 734 people like this 744 people follow this About See All (312) 413-0003 Contact C-stop on Messenger cstop.uic.edu/contact Education Opens tomorrow Closed Now Page Transparency See More Facebook is showing information to help you better understand the purpose of a Page. See actions taken by the people who manage and post content. Page created - October 15, 2015 People 734 likes 11  visits Related Pages UIC Summer Session College & University Celebrities Choice Car Service Exotic Car Rental Radio Advertising Inc. Advertising Agency 33rd Street Productions Performance & Event Venue UIC Graduate Employees Organization Cause Her Campus at UIC Magazine UIC Society of Future Physicians College & University JUST TURKEY RESTAURANTS Barbecue Restaurant UIC Institute of Industrial and Systems Engineers Organization Tom Dick & Harry Advertising Agency Niles Township Democrats Political Organization Vietnamese Student Association at UIC Organization UIC School of Design College & University Back of the Yards Coffeehouse and Roastery Coffee Shop FERRER FOUNDATION Nonprofit Organization Richard J. Daley Library, UIC Library Women's Bar Association of Illinois Public & Government Service UIC College of Architecture, Design, and the Arts College & University TEDx U of I Chicago Nonprofit Organization EPWNG Women's Networking Group Organization See More triangle-down Places Chicago, Illinois C-stop English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France) · Deutsch Privacy · Terms · Advertising · Ad Choices · Cookies · More Facebook © 2019 Photos See All Recommendations and Reviews Recommended by 2 people I came in to change my password at about noon on 12/20/16, and Jay and Roland helped me to do that. ... I also did not know how to get rid of the annoying junk mail that I get every day. Jay and Roland showed me how to create rules so that I don't even have to look at the junk mail any more. It will go automatically to trash. Jay and Roland were very informed and very helpful, also making certain that I could get to my email account on my own computer and showing me how to get to Webmail on the internet. They were very knowledgeable and professional, and I know what to do the next time I have a problem that I can't resolve  See More December 20, 2016 Alvin and Alvin are lifesavers! Not only did they stay passed working hours to resolve the issues  w ... ith my SAS program, but were sweet and smiling the whole time! Words are not enough to express my gratitude! Thank you guys!  See More February 14, 2017 I had a great experience at C-Stop. Jay Patel expressed great customer service skills. Not only did ... he answer all my questions in an understandable manner, but also he helped me fix all my tech problems.  See More December 16, 2016 See All Posts C-stop 7 hrs · Now it's easier to contact C-stop. Contact Us C-stop February 27 · We have a winner! Thank you all for participating in this year’s web design event: Blackboard Login Page Contest. We’ve had a number of excellent submissions, so the decision to pick one was difficult. The design submitted by Tarek Alzeiback was selected as the future login page for the new UIC Blackboard system. Tarek is a junior in the Computer Engineering program. Congratulations Tarek! Check out the new design coming soon: https://bitly.com/UICcontestSignin See All See More   