URL : http://chicago.medicine.uic.edu/departments___programs/departments/obgyn/global_women_s_health/global_women_s_health_fellowship/
 Skip to content Campuses:  College of Medicine  |  Chicago  |  Peoria  |  Rockford  |  Urbana  |  UIC  |  UIC Directory     About  Fast Facts More About the Region Campus Administration & Leadership Team Visiting the Campus Employment Contact Us Education  MD Admissions MD Curriculum Office of Curricular Affairs Campus Specific Programs Curriculum Overview Curriculum by Year Course Management / Blackboard Exams/Benware/Course Evaluations Visiting Students Teaching Hospital Affiliates MD Student Services and Support Student Affairs Office Academic and Career Advising and Support Computing Housing Library Registrar Student Financial Aid and Debt Management Student Health and Wellness MD Student Life Student Organizations Diversity Ceremonies and Events Facilities & Renovation Parking & Transportation Educational Policies Masters and Doctorate Programs Master of Science in Medical Physiology Graduate Education in Biomedical Sciences Medical Scientist Training Program (MSTP) Office of Graduate Diversity Programs (OGDP) Graduate Medical Education (GME) Continuing Medical Education (CME) Mission For New Applicants For Activity Administration Fee Policy CME Staff Research  Research in Chicago Center for Alcohol Research in Epigenics Center for Magnetic Resonance Research 3T Program Center for Cardiovascular Research Center for Clinical and Translational Science Center for Structural Biology Center for Research on Women and Gender Institute for Minority Health Research University of Illinois Cancer Center MSTP GEMS Library of the Health Sciences Other Research Resources Awards Programs Archived News College of Medicine Research Forum Patient Care  About UIPG UIPG Practice Locations Clinical Affiliates Finance/Services Patient Resources Patient Privacy: HIPAA Departments  Academic Departments Anatomy & Cell Biology Anesthesiology Biochemistry & Molecular Genetics Bioengineering Dermatology Emergency Medicine Family Medicine Medical Education Medicine Microbiology & Immunology Neurology & Rehabilitation Neurosurgery Obstetrics and Gynecology Ophthalmology & Visual Sciences Orthopaedics Otolaryngology Pathology Pediatrics Pharmacology Physiology & Biophysics Psychiatry Radiology Surgery Urology Centers Matec Midwest AIDS Training and Education Center Center for Magnetic Resonance Research University of Illinois Cancer Center Center for Clinical and Translational Science Center for Cardiovascular Research Center for Global Health Center for Alcohol Research in Epigenetics Center for Research on Women and Gender News Giving  Donate Now Alumni Relations Giving Impact and Stewardship Innovation and Discovery Inspired & Engaged Scholarship Impassioned & Insightful Patient Care Events Illinois Medicine Awards Illinois Medicine Magazine Get Involved  Search for:    Global Women’s Health Fellowship Home / Departments / Academic Departments / Obstetrics and Gynecology / Global Women’s Health (GWH) / Global Women’s Health Fellowship  Global Women’s Health Fellowship tlowery1 2017-11-15T15:24:09-05:00 Global Women’s Health Fellowship Program Description Overview The UIC Global Women’s Health Fellowship is a two-year program that provides a unique opportunity for an obstetrician/gynecologist (OB/GYN) by combining one year of global women’s health based in Mekelle, northern Ethiopia, with one year of a clinical faculty appointment. The global women’s health component can consist of clinical research, education and/or clinical services. In this fellowship, we will provide mentorship, opportunities and resources for the fellow to develop educational initiatives, improve clinical services, and lead clinical research in global women’s reproductive and gynecologic health.  We will provide international field experience and mentorship.  Fellows will be encouraged to utilize collaborations within the UIC community, such as Center for Global Health, School of Public Health, School of Nursing, Department of Anthropology, and have opportunity to develop relationships with international governmental and non-governmental organizations in order to perform effective global women’s health work. The program will be a platform to build strong relationships in Mekelle, with possibly other areas of Ethiopia.  Given the growing need for physician leadership in the international women’s health community, this program will provide experience, leadership, and opportunities in global women’s health research in Ethiopia. Goals The goal of UIC’s Global Women’s Health Fellowship is to mentor obstetrician-gynecologists in global women’s health so that they can meaningfully contribute to sustainable development of women’s health through humanitarian, clinical, educational and research efforts.  The program provides initiatives in women’s reproductive and gynecologic health, and opportunities to develop leadership skills. Objectives The objectives of the UIC Global Women’s Health Fellowship are: Build a solid foundation of knowledge about global women’s health issues, a fundamental understanding of health care systems, social, cultural contexts and political environments. Acquire ability to understand and identify women’s reproductive and gynecologic health needs, and design, implement and evaluate interventions. Develop leadership skills to lead global women’s health projects once the fellowship is completed. Understand and apply the concepts of sustainability and capacity building in global women’s health. Develop an education project and/or clinical research project which addresses a women’s reproductive or gynecologic health issue for a specific population. Establish network and skills for educational exchange, research, and funding. Fellowship Expectations Fellows will receive intensive mentorship from UIC core faculty as well as Ethiopian faculty who are recognized for their expertise in women’s reproductive and/or gynecologic health. Fellow responsibilities include: Clinical Provide excellent clinical care in Obstetrics and Gynecology as a junior faculty member at the University of Illinois at Chicago (50% time), with associated in-house obstetrical call as assigned. Teach residents and medical students at the University of Illinois at Chicago and at hospitals associated with Mekelle University. Research Participate in ongoing research projects Develop at least one new research project Publish at least one manuscript in global women’s health in a peer-reviewed journal. Provide mentorship to OBGYN residents interested in global women’s health. Training Complete at least one course in community health practice, public health management, and/or clinical research methodology or statistics, to be determined based on the fellow’s experience, career plans and availability of courses. Field Experience The fellow will be expected to complete a research project with the two-years. The UIC Department of OB/GYN has an active collaborative partnership with Mekelle University, College of Health Sciences. Our goal is to strengthen the existing OB/GYN residency program at Ayder Referral Hospital, to provide support for medical student education and faculty development and conduct ethical research through Mekelle University.  Clinical experience is based at Ayder Referral Hospital and Mekelle Hospital in Mekelle. Dr. Goba, UIC Global Women’s Health Fellowship Director, has several ongoing research, education and service delivery projects through Mekelle University. There may be other field opportunities available through the UIC Center for Global Health. Requirements Candidates must complete an OB/GYN residency and be Board-eligible or certified in OBGYN prior to starting the fellowship. In addition, the candidate must have an Illinois State Medical License prior to starting the fellowship. Salary, and Benefits Salary and benefits will be at the PGY 5 and PGY6 level. A stipend will be provided for in-house OBGYN coverage. Funding for field experience and project costs will be provided. Overseas benefits, such as evacuation insurance, will be provided. Obstetrics and Gynecology News & Events Our Philosophy, Mission & Values Faculty and Fellows OB/Gyn Administration Career Opportunities Directions Divisions/Sections Maternal-Fetal Medicine Gynecologic Oncology Reproductive Endocrinology & Infertility Academic Specialists in General OB/Gyn Family Planning Global Women’s Health (GWH) Research Division Perinatal Center Certified Nurse Midwives Genetic Counselors Education Medical Student Education Resident Education Fellowship Programs CME Research Al-Hendy Lab Laboratory for Reproductive Endocrine and Inflammation Research Perinatal Research Lab Annual Conference Giving Patient Care Referring Physicians About  Education  Research  Patient Care  Departments  News  Giving INFORMATION FOR: Prospective Students  Current Students  Faculty & Staff  Alumni & Friends  Patients RESOURCES: UIC Directory  Blackboard  Emergency Information  Contact Us Apply Now Give Contact Us If you have questions, comments, or problems accessing this site, please E-mail the webmaster  © Copyright 2019 University of Illinois College of Medicine   | Privacy Statement College of Medicine | Chicago | Peoria | Rockford | Urbana