URL : http://mie.uic.edu/2019/03/18/graduating-students-inducted-into-order-of-the-engineer-at-uic/#new_tab
                         University of Illinois at Chicago |  College of Engineering  Make a Gift        ACADEMICS    Future Students  Undergraduate Studies   ABET Accreditation    Graduate Studies  Courses    STUDENT LIFE    Scholarships  Career Center  Current Students  Student Organizations    RESEARCH    Mechanical Engineering Labs  Industrial Engineering Labs  Seminars    PEOPLE    Faculty  Staff  Industrial Advisory Board  Alumni  Open Positions    ABOUT US    Our Department  News  Contact Us  Living in Chicago                                       ACADEMICS   Future Students  Undergraduate Studies   ABET Accreditation    Graduate Studies  Courses    STUDENT LIFE   Scholarships  Career Center  Current Students  Student Organizations    RESEARCH   Mechanical Engineering Labs  Industrial Engineering Labs  Seminars    PEOPLE   Faculty  Staff  Industrial Advisory Board  Alumni  Open Positions    ABOUT US   Our Department  News  Contact Us  Living in Chicago                        Graduating Students Inducted into Order of the Engineer at UIC   March 18, 2019     Home 2019 Graduating Students Inducted into Order of the Engineer at UIC               Every year, graduates transition from students to professionals. With this important change comes great responsibility. To mark its significance, 43 young men and women from every department in the College of Engineering participated in the Order of the Engineer ring ceremony on Saturday, March 9, at the University of Illinois at Chicago.  The Order of the Engineer was
started in 1970 “to foster a spirit of pride and responsibility in the
engineering profession, to bridge the gap between training and experience, and
to present to the public a visible symbol identifying the engineer.”  During the ceremony, graduate and registered engineers are invited to accept the
Obligation of the Engineer and a stainless steel ring. The obligation is
a creed which sets forth an ethical code, and it contains parts of the Canon of
Ethics of major engineering societies. Initiates pledge to uphold the standards
and dignity of the engineering profession and to serve humanity by making the
best use of Earth’s precious wealth.  “This
instills a sense of pride and responsibility when wearing the ring in which I’m
honored to be apart-of. I joined because I find it important to constantly be
aware of the impacts you make as an engineer, and that each decision should be
done by holding high ethical and performance standards,” said Alex Bulger, a
student in Mechanical and Industrial Engineering. “Students should take
the oath to signify that they too are conscious of their work …that they will
actively apply those values into their work and livelihood. The Order of the
Engineer is unique and exciting to be apart-of and an opportunity to hold
yourself and fellow engineers to a higher standard.”  “It shows your honor and pride
in the profession,” said Jamie Szwalek, a clinical assistant professor in the
Mechanical and Industrial Engineering Department. “It is similar to a medical
doctor’s Hippocratic Oath. It’s good for the profession to ensure engineers are
ethical in all that they do. It is a nice ceremony for those graduating since
family and friends are welcome to attend.”  After a hiatus of more than 10
years, Szwalek decided to re-establish the Order in 2016. She has been committed
to hosting it the past four years, which allowed more than 300 UIC engineers to
participate in the ceremony and take the oath. She said she plans to keep it
going every spring for graduating seniors, and faculty and alumni who didn’t
have an opportunity to take part in past.  The participants do not have
to pay dues or attend meetings. It is a one-time ceremony and there are no
other commitments other than the ring ceremony.  “They wear a ring on their
hand, which reminds them daily of their obligation to the profession to be
ethical. They feel a sense of the importance of engineering to society,” said Szwalek.  Learn more about the Order of the Engineer at http://www.order-of-the-engineer.org . To participate in future ceremonies at UIC, please contact Professor Szwalek at jszwalek@uic.edu .  By David Staudacher, UIC         Facebook       Twitter       Google Plus       Linkedin       Tumblr       Email         0       You may also like       ASME members pick up life lessons at E-FEST Competition       Engineering students take on autonomous vehicles in new multidisciplinary course       MIE alumna working on Europa Clipper program at NASA Jet Propulsion Lab       davidst         Previous  Materials could delay frost up to 300 times longer than existing anti-icing coatings      Next  PhD Candidate Gaining Industry Experience via NSF INTERN Grant                 Connect With Us     2039 Engineering Research Facility 842 W. Taylor Street Chicago, IL 60607    (312) 996-5317     (312) 413-0447   QUICK LINKS Future Students  Undergraduate Studies  Graduate Studies  Mechanical Engineering Labs  Industrial Engineering Labs  Campus Map  Contact Us  INTERNAL LINKS Laboratory Safety  HR Forms  Purchasing & Reimbursement  Grad Appointment Form  Undergrad Appointment Form    Make a Gift   CookieSettings          University of Illinois Chicago | College of Engineering  © Copyright 2018. The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Privacy Policy                