URL : https://docs.financialaid.uic.edu/npcalc.htm
                   Welcome to University of Illinois at Chicago's Net Price Calculator!  Welcome to University of Illinois at Chicago's net price calculator. Begin by reading and agreeing to the statement below. Then follow the instructions on the subsequent screens to receive an estimate of how much students similar to you paid to attend University of Illinois at Chicago in 2016-17.                Step 1 : Please provide the requested information. Your responses will be used to
										calculate an estimated amount that students like you paid - after grant aid and scholarships but before
										student loans - to attend this institution in a given year.     Step : Please provide the following information and then click Continue.    Step : For the purposes of this calculator, an independent student is
									one who is at least 24 years old, married, and/or has legal dependents other than a spouse (e.g., children).
									A student who does not meet any of the above criteria is considered dependent. Based on the information you provided in previous steps, your
									dependency status is estimated to be Dependent .  Please provide the following information and then click Continue.     Step : For the purposes of this calculator, an independent student is
									one who is at least 24 years old, married, and/or has legal dependents other than a spouse (e.g., children).
									A student who does not meet any of the above criteria is considered dependent. Based on the information you provided in previous steps, your
									dependency status is estimated to be Independent .  Please provide the following information and then click Continue.    Review the information you have provided. You can click Modify to return to Step 1 and edit this information,
									or if you are happy with the current selections, click Continue to receive your estimated net price.     Based on the information you have provided, the following calculations represent the average net price of attendance that students similar to you paid in the given year:  Based on the information you have provided, the following calculations represent the average net price of attendance that students similar to you paid in the given year. This information applies only to the ##LARGESTPROGRAM## program at the institution, which typically takes an average of ##NUMBEROFMONTHS## months for a full-time student to complete. Prices may vary depending on the program of interest and its expected duration.               Please read. This calculator is intended to provide estimated net price information (defined as estimated cost of attendance — including tuition and required fees, books and supplies, room and board (meals), and other related expenses — minus estimated grant and scholarship aid) to current and prospective students and their families based on what similar students paid in a previous year. By clicking below, I acknowledge that the estimate provided using this calculator does not represent
													a final determination, or actual award, of financial assistance, or a final net price; it is an
													estimate based on cost of attendance and financial aid provided to students in a previous year.
													Cost of attendance and financial aid availability change year to year. The estimates shall
													not be binding on the Secretary of Education, the institution of higher education, or the State. Students must complete the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) in order to be eligible for,
													and receive, an actual financial aid award that includes Federal grant, loan, or work-study assistance.
													For more information on applying for Federal student aid, go to http://www.fafsa.ed.gov/  Note: Any information that you provide on this site is confidential. The Net Price Calculator does not store your responses or ask for personal identifying information of any kind.          Financial aid:   Do you plan to apply for financial aid?  Yes  No     Age:  How old are you?     Living arrangement:   Where do you plan to live while attending this institution?  On-campus (in a residence hall, dormitory, or on-campus apartment)  Living on my own or with a roommate  Living with my parents or other family members     Residency:   Eligible for in-district tuition  Eligible for in-state tuition  Eligible for out-of-state tuition                  Marital Status:   Are you (the student) married?  (Answer "yes" if you are separated but not divorced.)  Yes  No       Children:   Are you (the student) the primary source of financial support for any children?   Yes  No                   Number in Family:   How many people are in your family's household?  (Count yourself, your parent(s), and your parents' other dependent children.)        Two  Three  Four  Five  Six or more     Number in College:   Of the number in your family above, how many will be in college next year?  (Count yourself and your siblings; do not count your parents.)        One child  Two children  Three or more children     Household Income:   What is your annual household income after taxes?   Include income earned by yourself and your parent(s).  Include income from work, child support, and other sources.  If your parent is single, separated, or divorced, include the income for the parent with whom you live.  If the parent with whom you live is remarried, include both your parent's income and his/her spouse's income.   Less than $30,000  Between $30,000 - $39,999  Between $40,000 - $49,999  Between $50,000 - $59,999  Between $60,000 - $69,999  Between $70,000 - $79,999  Between $80,000 - $89,999  Between $90,000 - $99,999  Above $99,999                  Number in Family:   How many people are in your family's household?  Count yourself and your spouse (if applicable).  Count yourself, your spouse (if applicable), and any dependent children.         One   Two   Three  Four  Five  Six or more      Number in College:   Of the number in your family above, how many will be in college next year?        One  Two or more  Two     Household Income:   What is your annual household income after taxes?  (Include income from work, child support, and other sources; if you are married, include your spouse's income.)  Less than $30,000  Between $30,000 - $39,999  Between $40,000 - $49,999  Between $50,000 - $59,999  Between $60,000 - $69,999  Between $70,000 - $79,999  Between $80,000 - $89,999  Between $90,000 - $99,999  Above $99,999                                   Academic Year: 2016-17      Estimated tuition and fees  $00,000     + Estimated room and board charges (Includes rooming accommodations and meals)   $00,000    + Estimated cost of books and     supplies  $00,000    + Estimated other expenses  (Personal expenses, transportation, etc.)  $00,000          Estimated total cost of attendance:  $00,000     -  Estimated total grant aid:  (Includes both merit and need based grant and scholarship aid from Federal, State, or Local Governments, or the Institution)   $00,000           Estimated Net Price After Grants and Scholarships:  $00,000          This institution requires that full-time, first-time students live on-campus or in institutionally controlled housing.  Grants and scholarships do not have to be repaid. Some students also qualify for student loans to assist in paying this net price; however, student loans do have to be repaid.                                 Please Note: The estimates above apply to full-time, first-time degree/certificate-seeking undergraduate students only. These estimates do not represent a final determination, or actual award, of financial assistance or a final net
									price; they are only estimates based on cost of attendance and financial aid provided to students in 2016-17.
									Cost of attendance and financial aid availability change year to year. These estimates shall not be binding on
									the Secretary of Education, the institution of higher education, or the State. Not all students receive financial aid. In 2016-17, 71% of our full-time students enrolling
									for college for the first time received grant/scholarship aid. Students may also be eligible
									for student loans and work-study. Students must complete the Free Application for Federal Student
									Aid (FAFSA) in order to determine their eligibility for Federal financial aid that includes
									Federal grant, loan, or work-study assistance. For more information on applying for
									Federal student aid, go to http://www.fafsa.ed.gov/ .                                         