URL : http://engineering.uic.edu/uic-engineering-summer-camp/
                        University of Illinois at Chicago  |  College of Engineering  Make a Gift        FUTURE STUDENTS    Undergraduate Admissions  Chancellor’s Fellows Program  Freshman Engineering Success Program  Graduate Admissions  Engineering Experience Camp (Summer)  Life @ UIC  Visit Us    ACADEMICS    Departments  Undergraduate Programs  Graduate Programs  Current Students   Undergraduate Students    Scholarships  MakerSpace    STUDENT LIFE    Student Office Hours  Student Organizations  Senior Design and Expo  Career Center  Student Affairs  Disability Resource Center  UIC Student Access to mHUB  Make it Happen    RESEARCH    Research Centers  Research Strengths  Interdisciplinary Areas   Autonomous Vehicles    Industry Tech Services  Distinguished Professors    ABOUT US    Mission Statement  ABET Accreditation  Make a Gift  News   College News  Student News    People   Faculty  Staff  Directory    Offices  Alumni  Contact                                       FUTURE STUDENTS   Undergraduate Admissions  Chancellor’s Fellows Program  Freshman Engineering Success Program  Graduate Admissions  Engineering Experience Camp (Summer)  Life @ UIC  Visit Us    ACADEMICS   Departments  Undergraduate Programs  Graduate Programs  Current Students   Undergraduate Students    Scholarships  MakerSpace    STUDENT LIFE   Student Office Hours  Student Organizations  Senior Design and Expo  Career Center  Student Affairs  Disability Resource Center  UIC Student Access to mHUB  Make it Happen    RESEARCH   Research Centers  Research Strengths  Interdisciplinary Areas   Autonomous Vehicles    Industry Tech Services  Distinguished Professors    ABOUT US   Mission Statement  ABET Accreditation  Make a Gift  News   College News  Student News    People   Faculty  Staff  Directory    Offices  Alumni  Contact                        UIC Engineering Experience Camp      Home UIC Engineering Experience Camp                                                                                               Experiment with engineering  This summer, Chicago-area students are invited to UIC for a week of hands-on activities and challenges that will introduce them to the vast potential of engineering.  Engineering isn’t a subject that grade-school students encounter every day, so UIC Engineering Experience Camp provides an inspiring look at the ways in which engineers can change the world.  REGISTER NOW  New for 2019  UIC Engineering Experience Camp
has expanded! In summer 2019, students will take part in activities designed by
multiple UIC Engineering departments, including bioengineering, civil and materials
engineering, mechanical and industrial engineering, electrical and computer
engineering, and computer science. Our daily schedule is longer, too—from 9am
to 4pm.  Camp dates and location  UIC Engineering Experience Camp is offered on specific dates in summer 2019 based on students’ rising grade level in school:   Track 1  Monday, July 8, to Friday, July 12 9am to 4pm (with optional after-care until 6pm) For rising 4th, 5th, and 6th graders  Track 2  Monday, July 15, to Friday, July 19 9am to 4pm (with optional after-care until 6pm) For rising 7th, 8th, and 9th graders  Track 3  Monday, July 22, to Friday, July 26 9am to 4pm (with optional after-care until 6pm) For rising 10th, 11th, and 12th graders    The camp is held on UIC’s campus, just west of downtown Chicago. Participants begin and end each day at 801 South Morgan Street.  Camp format   UIC Engineering is home to
multiple departments that represent different disciplines in engineering. In
each day of the camp, students get a chance to experiment—literally—with one of
five fields:  Bioengineering Civil
engineering Computer
science Electrical
engineering Mechanical
engineering   Each day, participants complete hands-on challenges based on concepts they learn from developed by UIC Engineering faculty members. One day that might be writing computer code; another day, it could be robotics or bridge-building.  Students also hear about
potential future careers that might await them in each engineering discipline,
from nanotechnology to self-driving vehicles to creating transplant-ready
organs to save lives.  Participants will begin each day at the UIC Library, 801 S. Morgan Street, and will spend each of the five days of the camp in an engineering lab run by a different academic department. From morning drop-off to afternoon pickup, each participant will be accompanied at all times by camp staff: faculty, graduate students, and undergraduate chaperones. All camp personnel are highly experienced and highly trained, and comprehensive background checks are performed to ensure the proper protection of minors. The expected participant-to-staff ratio is between 5 to 1 and 8 to 1.  Cost and schedule   Cost for 1 week: $500  The fee includes daily lunch.  Scholarships are available to assist families who have demonstrated financial need.   Daily schedule  8:30am – 8:50am: Drop off at 801 S. Morgan Street (UIC Library) 9am – 12pm: Project and design challenge #1 12pm – 1pm: Lunch 1pm – 3pm: Project and design challenge #2 4pm: Pickup at 801 S. Morgan Street (UIC Library) 4pm – 6pm: Optional after-care  Is UIC Engineering Experience Camp for you?   Professor Yeow Siow, director of the camp, calls the camp ideally suited for students who are “inquisitive and curious about the world around them, want to try new things, meet new people, and use their heads and hands to solve problems.”  At UIC Engineering Experience Camp, students can discover the creative aspects of engineering while also getting a sense of what life is like as a college student.  REGISTER NOW   For more information about UIC Engineering Experience Camp, contact Yeow Siow at yeowsiow@uic.edu .                 Connect With Us    University of Illinois at Chicago College of Engineering (M/C 159) 851 South Morgan Chicago, IL 60607    312-996-3463   Quick Links Departments  Undergraduate Admissions  Graduate Admissions  Scholarships  Alumni  Contact   Make a Gift  Resources Student Affairs  Directory  Offices  Makerspace  Career Center  Disability Resource Center   CookieSettings              University of Illinois Chicago  © Copyright 2018. The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Privacy Statement                