URL : http://engineering.uic.edu/uic-student-access-to-mhub/
                        University of Illinois at Chicago  |  College of Engineering  Make a Gift        FUTURE STUDENTS    Undergraduate Admissions  Chancellor’s Fellows Program  Freshman Engineering Success Program  Graduate Admissions  Engineering Experience Camp (Summer)  Life @ UIC  Visit Us    ACADEMICS    Departments  Undergraduate Programs  Graduate Programs  Current Students   Undergraduate Students    Scholarships  MakerSpace    STUDENT LIFE    Student Office Hours  Student Organizations  Senior Design and Expo  Career Center  Student Affairs  Disability Resource Center  UIC Student Access to mHUB  Make it Happen    RESEARCH    Research Centers  Research Strengths  Interdisciplinary Areas   Autonomous Vehicles    Industry Tech Services  Distinguished Professors    ABOUT US    Mission Statement  ABET Accreditation  Make a Gift  News   College News  Student News    People   Faculty  Staff  Directory    Offices  Alumni  Contact                                       FUTURE STUDENTS   Undergraduate Admissions  Chancellor’s Fellows Program  Freshman Engineering Success Program  Graduate Admissions  Engineering Experience Camp (Summer)  Life @ UIC  Visit Us    ACADEMICS   Departments  Undergraduate Programs  Graduate Programs  Current Students   Undergraduate Students    Scholarships  MakerSpace    STUDENT LIFE   Student Office Hours  Student Organizations  Senior Design and Expo  Career Center  Student Affairs  Disability Resource Center  UIC Student Access to mHUB  Make it Happen    RESEARCH   Research Centers  Research Strengths  Interdisciplinary Areas   Autonomous Vehicles    Industry Tech Services  Distinguished Professors    ABOUT US   Mission Statement  ABET Accreditation  Make a Gift  News   College News  Student News    People   Faculty  Staff  Directory    Offices  Alumni  Contact                        UIC Student Access to mHUB      Home UIC Student Access to mHUB          Free memberships to Chicago’s innovation center   mHUB is an innovation center focused on physical product development and manufacturing—and a fantastic resource available to UIC Engineering students at no cost.  The 63,000-square-foot center is home to 10 fabrication
labs. What can you do there? Fabrication with electronics, plastic, metals, and
textiles. You have access to rapid prototyping services, and there’s even a
microfactory for small production runs.  mHUB is located at 965 W. Chicago Avenue in River West,
about three blocks from the Chicago stop on the blue line and a 15-minute bike
ride from campus.  Learn all about mHUB and its services here .  Activating your student membership  Complete the member onboarding form to register yourself in mHUB’s internal system. To receive the no-cost UIC membership, you must use your UIC email address when you sign up . Select “Associate Membership” (and don’t worry, you will not be charged the rate quoted to the general public for that membership level). When you go online to register, be prepared with a personal photo to upload. Schedule a new member orientation session . mHUB holds these 30-minute sessions every Tuesday at 5:10 p.m. and every Thursday at 12:00 noon, and on the last Saturday of each month at 2 p.m. The orientation includes a chance to ask any questions you might have. Before you attend the orientation session, review the membership agreement and code of conduct . You will be expected to sign these documents during orientation. Attend the orientation session you selected. You will need to bring your UIC iCard with you when you attend orientation and any training sessions. To access any equipment and/or labs, you must attend a general safety shop training . These 45-minute training sessions occur throughout the week and are offered immediately after any of the orientation slots.  Remember: To
ensure that you receive the no-cost UIC student membership, you must use your
UIC email address when you sign up, and you must bring your iCard when you
attend the in-person orientation.  Questions?  Kristin Scally Roadman, economic development and innovation
coordinator, is your best resource. You can email her at kscall2@uillinois.edu .                 Connect With Us    University of Illinois at Chicago College of Engineering (M/C 159) 851 South Morgan Chicago, IL 60607    312-996-3463   Quick Links Departments  Undergraduate Admissions  Graduate Admissions  Scholarships  Alumni  Contact   Make a Gift  Resources Student Affairs  Directory  Offices  Makerspace  Career Center  Disability Resource Center   CookieSettings              University of Illinois Chicago  © Copyright 2018. The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Privacy Statement                