URL : http://www.cs.uic.edu/~ifc
         First International Workshop on  Semantic Web and Databases     Co-located with VLDB 2003 Berlin, Germany September 7-8, 2003   Supported in part by the OntoWeb Network         [ Program
			Committee ] [ Previous Related Workshops ]      Industrial Sponsors  Keynote Talks        GOLD      SILVER               If you are interested in sponsoring this workshop, please contact one of the Program Committee Chairs.  Anatole Gershman Director of Research, Accenture Technology Labs   Philip Bernstein Microsoft Research   Amit Sheth  University of Georgia and Semagix, Inc.    Program  Important Dates and Registration    The program will be posted by August 18.  Important Dates  Submission Deadline: June 25, 2003 (extended from May 15) Notification of Acceptance: Aug 12, 2003 . Camera Ready Papers Due: Aug 18, 2003  Registration  Please register on the VLDB web site .    Organization  Objectives    Program Committee Chairs  Isabel Cruz University of Illinois at Chicago, USA  ifc@cs.uic.edu   Vipul Kashyap National Library of Medicine, NIH, USA kashyap@nlm.nih.gov   Proceedings and Publicity Chair  Stefan Decker USC Information Sciences Institute, USA  stefan@isi.edu   Organization Chair  Rainer Eckstein Humboldt University, Germany  Rainer.
			Eckstein@informatik.hu-berlin.de   Program
			Committee  Karl Aberer , EPFL, Switzerland Sibel Adali , Rensselaer Polytechnic I., USA Paolo Atzeni , U. Rome Tre, Italy  Alex Borgida , Rutgers U., USA Olivier Bodenreider, NLM-NIH, USA  Stéphane Bressan , National U. of Singapore  Christoph Bussler , Oracle, USA  Isabel Cruz ,
			U. of Illinois at Chicago, USA Umesh Dayal, HP Labs, USA  Stefan Decker ,
			USC-ISI, USA  Max Egenhofer , U. Maine, USA  Rainer Eckstein , Humboldt U., Germany  Dieter Fensel , Institut für Informatik, Austria  Mary Fernandez , AT&T Labs - Research, USA  Susan Gauch ,
			U. Kansas  Carole Goble ,
			U. Manchester, UK  Rick Hull , Lucent Technology, USA  Vipul Kashyap , NLM-NIH, USA  Maurizio Lenzerini , U. Rome "La Sapienza", Italy  Aris
			Ouksel , U. Illinois at Chicago, USA  Dimitris
			Plexousakis , U. Crete, Greece  Steve Ray , NIST, USA  Amit Sheth ,
			U. Georgia and Semagix, USA Surya Sripada, Boeing, USA  Munindar Singh , N. Carolina U., USA  V.S. Subrahmanian ,
			U. Maryland, USA  Rudi
			Studer , U. Karlsruhe, Germany  Ram Sriram , NIST, USA  Clement Yu ,
			U. Illinois at Chicago, USA  The Semantic Web is a key initiative being promoted by the World Wide Web Consortium
			(W3C) as the next generation of the current web. Machine-understandable metadata is emerging as a new foundation
			for component-based approaches to application development. Within the context of reusable distributed components,
			Web services represent the latest architectural advancement. Such concepts can be synthesized providing powerful
			new mechanisms for quickly modeling, creating and deploying complex applications that readily adapt to real world
			need.  The objective of this workshop is to present database and information system research as they relate to the Semantic
			Web and more broadly, to gain insight into the Semantic Web technology as it relates to databases and information
			systems.   Topics of interest include but are not limited to:   Infrastructure: component models
			(e.g., J2EE, .NET); distributed object-based architectures; scalability, extensibility and robustness of applications;
			algebras for modeling and ontology management; creation, maintenance and versioning of annotations, metadata and
			mappings; tools (including visual tools) for creating components (e.g., ontologies, mappings, views, etc.); workflow
			systems, web services and quality of service contracts; support for negotiation and trust; security.   Semantics : conceptual clustering
			and statistical approaches; social networks and consensus analysis approaches; information analysis accuracy (e.g.,
			precision, recall, false positives); ontologies, conceptual models, taxonomies; semantic interoperability and integration;
			semantic composition of web services; view definition and transformations (e.g., global/local as view); query algebras
			for combined data and metadata queries; semantics-based query relaxation techniques, loss of information; logic
			based (centralized and distributed) inferences; intensional query answering; emergent semantics.   Applications: Semantic Web applications
			(prototypes, pilots, deployed) based on XML, RDF, and various variants; web services based applications (prototypes,
			pilots, deployed) based on WSDL, SOAP, UDDI, ebXML and other related standards; natural language processing; semantics-based
			integration of data/applications within enterprises; geographical information systems; bio-informatics; business
			aspects for Semantic Web applications (e.g., return of investment, sustainable business models).    Previous Related Workshops  Paper Submission      Semantic Web: Models, Architectures
				and Management (Lisbon, Portugal, September 2000)  SWWS, (Stanford, July/August 2001)  NSF Database and Information Systems
				Research for Semantic Web and Enterprises (Amicalola, April 2002)     We invite the submission of short (up to six pages) and long papers (up to twenty
			pages) on:   research , focusing on foundational
				or technological aspects  experience , describing industrial
				aspects  position , discussing a wide variety
				of issues   The submitted papers should be formatted as close as possible to the rules of
			Springer LNCS (see http://www.springer.de/comp/lncs/authors.html , section "Proceedings and Other Multi-author Volumes" for formatting instructions).  Please submit documents as HTML, PDF, or Word to Isabel Cruz (ifc@cs.uic.edu)
			and Stefan Decker (stefan@isi.edu).     