URL : https://www.cs.uic.edu/~ifc/advis.html
        Activities    Members    Funding    Publications    Projects    Collaborations    Links       ADVIS Research Laboratory  The Advances in Data, Visual, and Information Science Research Laboratory (ADVIS) is part of the Department of Computer Science , College of Engineering at the University of Illinois at Chicago . ADVIS hosts
students doing research in computer information management systems with particular emphasis on database and information
systems and related issues such as: semantic
web (and in particular semantic
data integration and semantic
desktop ), geospatial information
systems, context-aware systems, information visualization (including graph drawing ), retrieval
and presentation of multimedia information , and information
retrieval  and classification .  This research lab has existed since 1994 (first with the name DBVIS , for D ata b ase Vis ualization) and after 1997
with the current name, reflecting the fact that we focus on all types of information and not only on information
that can be stored in and retrieved from traditional database systems. The group has comprised several PhD, MS,
and BS students collaborating in research and publishing papers in competitive international conferences and in
journals. Over the years, the group has regularly sponsored the visit of several leading US and European researchers
and of postdocs.   Group Activities  Send email to advis@cs.uic.edu , if you would like to receive
email notices concerning group meetings and other ADVIS-related news.  Group Members  The group is led by Professor
Isabel Cruz . There are several students,
postdocs, and visitors involved in research. See available positions , if you would like to join
the lab. Check the page on graduation rules for writing suggestions and deadlines.  External Funding  The group has been funded by the National Science Foundation, the Department of
Defense, NATO, CRA, and corporate gifts.  Publications   Some of our recent papers (with links to the actual papers) can be found in the ADVIS publications page . List of the topics of research of the group with references to some of the papers.  List of the publications
	sponsored by an NSF ITR by my colleagues, myself, and our students.  A partial list of publications by members of the group can
	be found in the excellent DBLP
	Bibliography Database , by Michael Ley .   Projects  The group is currently working on six projects:   Data Interoperability for Geospatial Applications T This project integrates and extends Computer Science research in the Database Management
	System (DBMS) area with a State of Wisconsin Land Information System (WLIS). Web-based DBMS user interface, search,
	and query techniques will be incorporated in WLIS. The concept of WLIS as a statewide access mechanism for land
	related data in Wisconsin has been actively under development for several years by a working group that includes
	various levels of government and the University of Wisconsin. WLIS will be a distributed Web-based system with
	heterogeneous data residing on local and state servers. A large part of WLIS is spatial, Geographic Information
	Systems (GIS) data. Collaborating institutions: UIC (lead) and University of Wisconsin-Madison. ( Paper )  CASSIS: Context-Aware Computing
	with Applications to Public Health Management  This project creates
	an architecture for a system that provides comprehensive support for context-aware applications. More than 130 publications have resulted from this project among collaborating institutions UIC (lead), Brown University
	and Northwestern University. The current research emphasis by the ADVIS group is on an extension to a role-based
	access control (RBAC) approach to provide for the dynamic association of roles with users in collaborative environments.
	( Paper )  Semantic Desktop  With the Semantic
	Web vision, a number of Personal Information Management Systems have been proposed [ Web page for the 1st Workshop on the Semantic Desktop ].
	In our approach, we propose: (1) Semantic data organization based on multiple layers of ontologies; (2) Flexible
	data manipulation provided by data interoperation and supported by an expressive query language; and (3) Rich visual
	manipulation that uses the underlying semantic connections among data. ( Paper )  Efficient
	Matching for Large Real-World Schemas and Ontologies  This project
	extends the state of the art in schema and ontology matching, and therefore in data integration, by testing and
	evaluating methods and strategies that establish relationships among semantically related concepts in heterogeneous
	data sources. The following research issues are addressed: (1) Design of methods and algorithms for schema and ontology matching
	that operate at different levels of granularity (e.g., concept, structure); (2) Development of a prototype of an
	integrated system that supports the visualization and manipulation of large schemas and ontologies in addition
	to the developed matching methods and algorithms; (3) Test and evaluation of the above methods and system prototype
	in terms of their effectiveness, including accuracy (precision, recall) and efficiency (execution time). ( Paper )  Privacy-preserving record and image mapping In this project we consider methods to perform record and image mapping in a privacy preserving way, more specifically,
	we will develop mapping procedures with privacy guarantees for the parties involved in the mapping process. Quality
	measures will be developed and uncertainty will be considered. Collaborating institutions: UIC (lead), Brown University,
	Rutgers University, University of Rome "La Sapienza." (Preliminary paper )  Query Languages for Heterogeneous Transportation Networks We are exploring textual and visual query languages for graphs that represent urban transportation networks.
	Issues to explore include the syntax and semantics of the languages, their expressive power and query evaluation.
	This project is part of an IGERT grant at UIC. ( Paper )   Other projects of the group:   Visualization and Integration of Heterogeneous Information ( Delaunay MM and
	Delaunay View systems )  This system tightly integrates a visual query language for distributed queries
	with the layout specification that can emphasize the information semantics. We are continuing this work in several
	directions, including the use of ontologies to aid in query refinement, the integration of security concerns, and
	the creation of metadata for the synchronized retrieval and presentation of the information.  Visual Query Languages ( Delaunay system ) M  The basis of this system is a visual meta-query language for displaying and querying
	object-oriented databases, called DOODLE. Features of the system include the support of user defined query languages
	and visualizations. Currently we are continuing work on: (1) semi-automatic visualizations; (2) use of metadata
	to generate visualizations; and (3) using dynamic constraint solving for positioning optional visual components.   PANDA (Publishing Assistant for Networked
	Document Assembly)  This project is on a powerful authoring tool that integrates and presents marked-up
	information that is available on the web and gives powerful customization capabilities to the users (publishers
	and end-users). The result of this research is being directly incorporated into the ACM SIGMOD Digital Symposium
	Collection. We are extending PANDA to incorporate: visual query languages and metadata support.    CASA (Classification using a Structural
	Approach)  We have been investigating automatic classification of Web documents. We studied
	the recall based on the structural analysis of more than 600,000 Web documents. We are investigating new algorithms
	that improve recall.    MATIC (Multimedia Authoring with
	Time Constraints)  This is a multimedia authoring project for the temporal synchronization of multimedia
	streams. We have devised an efficient algorithm that determines whether synchronization can be achieved. Future
	work includes integrating this approach into SMIL.    Mocha  This project optimally partitions the software components of a typical algorithm
	animation system and leverages the power of the Java language. This system is currently used for geometric algorithms
	(with the Computational Geometry Center at Brown U.).    WebSA (Web Site Agent)  In this project users upon entering a Web site are given hints reflecting the
	interests of the previous thousands of visits to the site. In order to take into account the information previously
	gathered, efficient database mining of the previously collected data and the building of relevant aggregate information
	are performed. We are developing other collaborative filtering algorithms within the same architecture.    ACM DiSC  Until 2001 the lab was "home" to the ACM SIGMOD Digital Symposium Collection (DiSC) ,
	an electronic journal that is the most extensive yearly source of database publications.   Collaborating Institutions   Information Security Group at Brown University  Database Systems Group at Northwestern University  Land Information and Computing Graphics Facility at the University of Wisconsin-Madison  Database and User Interface Group at the University of Rome "La Sapienza" (Italy)  International Doctorate School in Information
	and Communication Technologies at the University of Modena and Reggio
	Emilia (Italy)   Related Links   The Database and
	Information Systems Research Group at UIC  The Department
	of Computer Science  The School
	of Engineering  The University
	of Illinois at Chicago (UIC)       Activities    Members    Funding    Publications    Projects    Collaborations    Links      Isabel F. Cruz  Thanks to Chad Pytel for the nice rendition of
the ADVIS logo .  