URL : http://engineering.uic.edu/2019/04/17/uic-expands-its-engineering-experience-camp/
                          University of Illinois at Chicago  |  College of Engineering  Make a Gift        FUTURE STUDENTS    Undergraduate Admissions  Chancellor’s Fellows Program  Freshman Engineering Success Program  Graduate Admissions  Engineering Experience Camp (Summer)  Life @ UIC  Visit Us    ACADEMICS    Departments  Undergraduate Programs  Graduate Programs  Current Students   Undergraduate Students    Scholarships  MakerSpace    STUDENT LIFE    Student Office Hours  Student Organizations  Senior Design and Expo  Career Center  Student Affairs  Disability Resource Center  UIC Student Access to mHUB  Make it Happen    RESEARCH    Research Centers  Research Strengths  Interdisciplinary Areas   Autonomous Vehicles    Industry Tech Services  Distinguished Professors    ABOUT US    Mission Statement  ABET Accreditation  Make a Gift  News   College News  Student News    People   Faculty  Staff  Directory    Offices  Alumni  Contact                                       FUTURE STUDENTS   Undergraduate Admissions  Chancellor’s Fellows Program  Freshman Engineering Success Program  Graduate Admissions  Engineering Experience Camp (Summer)  Life @ UIC  Visit Us    ACADEMICS   Departments  Undergraduate Programs  Graduate Programs  Current Students   Undergraduate Students    Scholarships  MakerSpace    STUDENT LIFE   Student Office Hours  Student Organizations  Senior Design and Expo  Career Center  Student Affairs  Disability Resource Center  UIC Student Access to mHUB  Make it Happen    RESEARCH   Research Centers  Research Strengths  Interdisciplinary Areas   Autonomous Vehicles    Industry Tech Services  Distinguished Professors    ABOUT US   Mission Statement  ABET Accreditation  Make a Gift  News   College News  Student News    People   Faculty  Staff  Directory    Offices  Alumni  Contact                        UIC Expands Its Engineering Experience Camp   April 17, 2019     Home News College News UIC Expands Its Engineering Experience Camp                The UIC Engineering
Experience Camp has expanded! Due to growing demand, the College of Engineering
summer camp will immerse students in activities designed by multiple engineering
departments: bioengineering, civil and materials engineering, mechanical and
industrial engineering, electrical and computer engineering, and computer
science.  “Engineering isn’t a
subject grade-school students encounter every day, so the camp provides an
inspiring look at the ways engineers change the world,” said the camp’s
director, Clinical Associate Professor Yeow Siow of the Department of
Mechanical and Industrial Engineering. “We’re offering them a week of hands-on
activities and challenges that will introduce them to the creative aspects of
engineering while also getting a sense of what life will be like as a college
student.”  UIC’s College of
Engineering is home to multiple departments that represent different
disciplines in engineering. Each of the five days of the camp is held in a
different engineering lab run by a different academic department, which will
provide students with the opportunity to experiment and discover something new.
They will learn and complete hands-on challenges based on concepts developed by
faculty members. One day that might be writing computer code; another day, it
could be robotics or bridge-building. The students also will learn about
potential future careers that might await them in each engineering discipline,
from nanotechnology to self-driving vehicles to creating transplant-ready
organs to save lives.  Each participant will
be accompanied at all times by the camp staff, which includes faculty, graduate
students, and undergraduate chaperones. All camp personnel are highly
experienced and highly trained, and comprehensive background checks are
performed to ensure the proper protection of minors.  The camp is offered on
specific dates throughout July, and each track is based on students’ grade
level in school. Each track runs from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. with optional after-care
available until 6 p.m.  Track 1 is for rising
fourth, fifth, and sixth graders and runs from July 8 to July 12. Track 2 is
for rising seventh, eighth, and ninth graders and runs from July 15 to July 19.
Track 3 is for rising 10th, 11th, and 12th graders and runs from July 22 to
July 26. The hands-on design projects are tailored to the needs of the students
in each track: while Track 1 is designed with the “fun factor” in
mind, Track 3 focuses on the real-world impact of engineering through math and
science, as well as the pursuit of engineering as a college major and career.  Scholarships are
available to assist families who have demonstrated financial need.  “The camp is ideally
suited for students who are inquisitive and curious about the world around
them, want to try new things, meet new people, and use their heads and hands to
solve problems,” Siow said.  The camp is held on
UIC’s campus, just west of downtown Chicago, and participants will begin and
end each day at the UIC Library, 801 S. Morgan St., Chicago.

Register now or learn more
at http://engineering.uic.edu/uic-engineering-summer-camp.         Facebook       Twitter       Google Plus       Linkedin       Tumblr       Email         0       You may also like       Engineering students take on autonomous vehicles in new multidisciplinary course       UIC College of Engineering researchers selected for Discovery Partners Institute seed funding       Choosing public art in a public way       Raymond Matthes         Previous  Engineering students take on autonomous vehicles in new multidisciplinary course      Next  UIC College of Engineering researchers selected for Discovery Partners Institute seed funding                 Connect With Us    University of Illinois at Chicago College of Engineering (M/C 159) 851 South Morgan Chicago, IL 60607    312-996-3463   Quick Links Departments  Undergraduate Admissions  Graduate Admissions  Scholarships  Alumni  Contact   Make a Gift  Resources Student Affairs  Directory  Offices  Makerspace  Career Center  Disability Resource Center   CookieSettings              University of Illinois Chicago  © Copyright 2018. The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois | Privacy Statement                