URL : https://today.uic.edu/uic-and-deerfield-management-launch-west-loop-innovations-to-foster-development-of-new-therapeutics
       Skip to main content      Updated: Apr 24, 2019 at 09:27 AM             Today        Submit        Campus News  Academics & Research  Events  Resources   Current Student Resources  Faculty & Staff Resources  Campus Newspaper & Archives    Contact   Communicating On Campus  Sending Announcements / DDDH  UIC Social Media Directory                                UIC and Deerfield Management launch West Loop Innovations to foster development of new therapeutics  April 23, 2019    UIC contact, Sharon Parmet, 312-413-2695, sparmet@uic.edu Deerfield contact, Karen Heidelberger, 212-551-1600, karenh@deerfield.com   The University of Illinois at Chicago and Deerfield Management announced today the establishment of West Loop Innovations, LLC. The company will help accelerate the commercialization of therapeutics developed at UIC. Deerfield will provide up to $65 million in translational research funding and commercialization expertise to advance promising UIC discoveries.  “One of our core competencies at UIC is drug discovery,”
said TJ Augustine, Interim Vice Chancellor for Innovation at UIC. “We have
three major drugs in the marketplace, placing UIC among a very small number of
research universities. Our new partnership with Deerfield not only adds
significant translational research funding, but also brings critical support
for the startup companies that will take UIC’s discoveries and turn them into
products.”  The UIC-Deerfield partnership is also a major development
for the new University of Illinois System-led Discovery Partners Institute
(DPI). UIC faculty projects supported by Deerfield will advance the DPI’s
health and wellness efforts. Once constructed, these efforts may be pursued at
the DPI-supported Drug Discovery and Innovation Pavilion on the UIC campus and
at the permanent DPI headquarters to be built in Chicago, bringing together
researchers, students and industry to pursue new, innovative therapeutics.  “West Loop Innovations together with the establishment of
the Discovery Partners Institute will provide the resources and expertise to
accelerate drug discovery and develop our already robust drug pipeline,” said
University of Illinois President Tim Killeen. “UIC has exceptional expertise in
identifying new drug targets and therapeutics, and our collaborative
partnership with Deerfield will help get more of those discoveries out into the
marketplace.”  Starting this fall, UIC researchers will be able to submit
proposals for projects to be supported by West Loop Innovation. Projects will
be approved by a joint committee made up of members from UIC and Deerfield’s
scientific leadership team.  Accepted projects
will receive a development plan, resources to achieve Investigational New Drug
(IND) readiness and operational expertise. Successful projects will have access
to additional Deerfield capital, which is designed to eliminate the need for
researchers to raise additional funds to bring their ideas to market.  “Our new partnership with Deerfield Management will help
further establish UIC as a top academic research institution and leader in
translational medicine,” said UIC Chancellor Michael Amiridis. “We are looking
forward to working with Deerfield to nurture and commercialize new therapeutics
that will improve people’s lives around the world.”  “UIC’s research capabilities have been magnified by the launch of its Discovery Partners Institute, creating a strong platform for the identification and acceleration of therapeutic discovery,” said James E. Flynn, Managing Partner at Deerfield Management.  “We are delighted to enter into this partnership with UIC to advance novel scientific insights made on its campus and to speed new medicines to patients with critical unmet needs.”  About the University of Illinois at Chicago Office of Technology Management  The UIC Office of Technology Management works with faculty, staff, and students to advance research, education and economic development. One of its primary functions is to assist in the licensing of innovations. The office currently manages 281 active licenses, including 34 with startup companies. UIC has three major drugs on the market today, including Prezista, an anti-HIV drug sold by Janssen Therapeutics; Tice BCG, a bladder cancer drug in the Merck portfolio; and Shingrix, a vaccine against the shingles virus approved by the FDA in 2017 and marketed by Glaxo Smith Kline. UIC OTM has a proven track record of successful licensing with an estimated revenue of over $40 million in 2019 and over $200 million in income in the past decade.  About Deerfield
Management  Deerfield is a healthcare investment management firm
committed to advancing healthcare through investment, information and
philanthropy.     Contact   Sharon Parmet 312-413-2695  sparmet@uic.edu     Categories   Campus , Health Sciences Colleges , Research    Topics  Deerfield , DPI , innovation , OTM                     Today      Contact  Office of Public and Government Affairs 601 S. Morgan St., 1320 UH, Chicago, IL 60607  uictoday@uic.edu   Social Media Accounts               For the Media  Experts Guide  Advertise in UIC News  Submit Announcements  Submit an Event  Subscribe to UIC Today           UIC.edu links   UIC.edu  Academic Calendar  Athletics  Campus Directory  Disability Resources  Emergency Information  Event Calendar  Job Openings  Library  Maps  UI Health  Veterans Affairs           © 2019 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois |  Privacy Statement    Campuses   University of Illinois System  Urbana-Champaign  Springfield     