URL : https://business.uic.edu/undergraduate-programs/undergraduate-degrees/bachelor-of-science-in-human-resource-management/
                                          Your browser is unsupported  We recommend using the latest version of IE11, Edge, Chrome, Firefox or Safari.       Skip to  the content of this page ,  the main menu , the secondary menu , Google Translate , the site search form or go to the the site home page .               UIC Business     Search the site     Toggle Menu      Search                           UIC Business      UIC Business   Google Translate  Main Menu    Undergraduate              Undergrad Admissions    Undergraduate Degrees    UIC Business Scholars    Student Life at UIC Business    Business Career Center    Professional Development         Graduate              Graduate Admissions    Graduate Degrees    Guaranteed and Preferred Admissions    Graduate Career Services         Doctoral              Doctoral Degrees    UIC Doctoral Students         Alumni              Give to UIC Business    Why I Give    Donor Recognition Society    Student Scholarship Support    Ways to Get Involved    Alumni Leadership Academy    Contact the Office of Advancement         Recruiters              Center for Research in Information Management         Faculty/Research              Faculty    Research    International Center for Futures and Derivatives (ICFD)    Institute for Leadership Excellence and Development (iLEAD)    For the Media    Faculty Recruitment          Eyebrow menu    Give Now    Visit Our Blog    Current Students    About Us    UIC menu    UIC.edu    Campus Map      Search the site                 View Menu              Breadcrumbs   UIC Business  Undergraduate Programs  Undergraduate Degrees  Bachelor of Science in Human Resource Management      Bachelor of Science in Human Resource Management  A career in human resource management will enable students to influence the success of an organization through management of its most valuable resource - its people.  Interested in a career where you will maximize human potential? Does acquiring the best talent available and making sure employees are satisfied and performing their best appeal to you? At UIC Business, you will be in the heart of Chicago, close to major Fortune 500 employers in all industries. Our internationally-recognized faculty deliver a focused, comprehensive education designed to prepare you to launch a successful career in human resource management. As a student in the Bachelor of Science in Human Resource Management program, students can also qualify to obtain certification as a Society for Human Resource Management Certified Professional (SHRM-CP) before you graduate, providing you with a distinctive edge in the job market.         Learn More                Request Information               Attend an Event               Apply Now          Important Dates       Jan  15  2019        Fall 2019 First Year – Regular Decision  Tuesday          Apr  1  2019        Fall 2019 Transfer Application Deadline  Monday             Curriculum and Program Outcomes     Curriculum   The Bachelor of Science in Human Resource Management will equip students with the necessary skills to successfully manage human capital within organizations. A focused curriculum will cover topics that include building effective teams, compensation, global human resources, personal leadership skills, diversity and inclusion, recruitment, training and development, labor laws, and consulting.  For a full list of curriculum requirements, visit the UIC Catalog .     Program Outcomes   With a degree in human resource management from UIC Business, students will learn to:   Motivate, lead, and manage a diverse workforce  Recruit and hire top talent using industry best practices  Develop and implement compensation systems to reward employee performance  Create and facilitate training and development programs to optimize performance  Assess and develop interventions to enhance employee engagement and performance  Integrate human resource management systems in dynamic and multicultural global organizations  Apply effective management consulting skills to diagnose and solve complex organizational issues           Explore Degree Requirements       Featured Courses     MGMT 452 Organizational Behavior   Emphasizes understanding and managing people at work. It analyzes individual, group and organization topics including leadership, motivation, attitudes, group dynamics, and organizational culture.     MGMT 453 Human Resource Management   Examines the activities involved in attracting, retaining, and motivating employees. Topics include human resource planning, training and development, human resource information systems, and labor negotiations.     MGMT 455 Talent Management & Global Human Resoures   Examines topics related to recruitment and selection, performance management, compensation and benefits, and managing human resources in a global economy.          Electives   Elective courses include Recruitment and Selection (MGMT 464), Compensation and Reward Systems (MGMT 465), Training and Development (MGMT 470), Leadership Theories and Skill Development (MGMT 475), and Managerial Consulting (MGMT 486).       Program Faculty      Sandy J.
    
    Wayne  Professor, Associate Dean for Faculty Affairs, Faculty Director for Business Scholars, and Co-Director of the Institute for Leadership Excellence and Development (iLEAD)    Phone:   (312) 413-1717     Email:   sjwayne@uic.edu      View Profile       Peter
    
    Thompson  Clinical Associate Professor    Phone:   (312) 996-4481     Email:   pthomp1@uic.edu      View Profile       John
    Wiley
    Lynch  Assistant Professor    Phone:   (312) 996-3073     Email:   jwlynch@uic.edu      View Profile       Robert
    C.
    Liden  Professor, Coordinator of OB/HR PhD Program, and Associate Dean of PhD Programs    Phone:   (312) 996-0529     Email:   bobliden@uic.edu      View Profile       Don
    
    Kluemper  Associate Professor and Co-Director of the Institute for Leadership Excellence and Development (iLEAD)    Phone:   (312) 413-9308     Email:   kluemper@uic.edu      View Profile       James
    
    Cooper  Clinical Assistant Professor    Phone:   (312) 413-9047     Email:   jcoop1@uic.edu      View Profile           SHRM Student Chapter and SHRM-CP Eligibility     SHRM Student Chapter   Students have an opportunity to join the UIC Business SHRM Student Chapter . Membership provides many benefits including leadership roles, scholarships, networking resources, internship and job opportunities, and professional development.     SHRM-CP Eligibility   The B.S. in Human Resource Management at UIC Business is endorsed by the Society of Human Resource Management (SHRM) as meeting their curriculum guidelines. Qualified seniors can take the SHRM Certified Professional (SHRM-CP) exam during their final year at UIC. Certification as a professional will add strength to your resume and provide a competitive advantage in the job market. To learn more, visit Student SHRM-CP Eligibility          Top Employers      Employers prefer to hire students with a bachelor’s degree in human resource management for their positions involving the management of human capital. The following firms are top employers of UIC Business students pursuing a career in human resource management. For more career resources, visit the UIC Business Career Center site.   Aflac  A.J. Gallagher  Chicago Transit Authority  CNA Financial Corporation  IBM  Morningstar  PepsiCo  PeopleScout  Semler Industries  Target  Wipfli, LLP        Typical Job Titles   The job possibilities for a UIC Business graduate with a B.S. in Human Resource Management are broad and include recruiting and selection, compensation and benefits, training and development, and management. Below are some typical job titles of recent UIC Business student graduates.   Compensation Analyst  Executive Team Leader  Human Resources Associate  Human Resources Coordinator  Human Resources Manager  Recruiter           Undergraduate              Undergrad Admissions    Undergraduate Degrees     BS in Accounting    BS in Entrepreneurship    BS in Finance    BS in Human Resource Management    BS in Information and Decision Sciences    BS in Management    BS in Marketing    Bachelor of Business Administration Completion Program      UIC Business Scholars    Student Life at UIC Business    Business Career Center    Professional Development                           College Of  Business  Administration           Quick Links    About Us    Media    Events    News    Corporate MBA Programs at UIC    Give to UIC Business      External Links    Visit Our Blog    UIC.edu    Visit Campus    Current Students    Phone Book    Privacy Notice        Contact Us    Contact Us         Contact   601 S. Morgan St., 11th Floor, Chicago, IL 60607  Phone: (312) 996-2700  bizadmit@uic.edu        Social Media Accounts                                  UIC.edu links   UIC.edu  Academic Calendar  Athletics  Campus Directory  Disability Resources  Emergency Information  Event Calendar  Job Openings  Library  Maps  UIC Today  UI Health  Veterans Affairs        Powered by Red 2.4.3  © 2019 The Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois |  Privacy Statement    Campuses   University of Illinois System  Urbana-Champaign  Springfield      Cookie Settings                     